Ajak: It is time.

Sersi: It's beautiful, isn't it?

Ikaris: I'm Ikaris.

Sersi: I'm Sersi.

Mesopotamia
Mesopotamian tribesmen: It's coming! Run! (In Sumerian)

Mesopotamian young man: Father! (In Sumerian)

Mesopotamian father: Run! (In Sumerian)

Kingo: Good fight. (In sign language)

Makkari: You, too. (In sign language)

Ikaris: Thank you, Ajak.

Present Day - 2023
London
Sersi: Shit.

Sersi continued: I know I'm late, Charlie.

Dane Whitman: "In this broad Earth of ours, amid the measureless grossness and the slag, enclosed and safe whithin its central heart, nestles the seed Perfection." The poet's hope and optimism in humanity, echoes our recent universal victory, the return of half our population... And, thank God, there she is. Our brilliant museum scientust, Ms. Sersi, the person who will be and was always supposed to be giving you your presentation today.

Sersi: Thank you, Mr. Whitman. Sorry I'm late, everyone. Today, we'll be learning about the importance of apex predators in a balanced ecosystem.

Sersi continued: Poetry?

Dane Whitman: I completly ran out of things to say, and these kids make me nervous.

Sersi: Well, I thought you were charming, Professor.

Dane Whitman: See you tonight.

Natural History Museum Student: Ooh! "See you tonight."

Sersi: All right, settle down. So... who can tell me what an apex predator is?

Natural History Museum Student #2: Animals that hunt their prey for food.

Sersi: Very good. Apex predator do hunt their prey for food, like all predators. But one thing that sets them apart is that there are no other animals in their habitat strong enough to hunt them. Who can give me an example?

Natural History Museum Student #3: Lions.

Natural History Museum Student #4: Wolves.

Sersi: Correct. Earthquake. Get down. Get down! It's an earthquake, everyone. Get down! Under the tables! Let me help you. Don't worry, it'll pass soon. It's all right. Come here. You're all right. You're all right.

Patrick: I like this song.

Sprite as Sandra: Me, too.

Patrick: Do you wanna dance? Wait, what the hell? Your hand!

Sprite as Sandra: You've had too much to drink. I gotta go.

Sersi and others: Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday, dear Dane. Happy birthday to you.

Unknown individual: Hip, hip!

All: Hooray!

Dane Whitman: Is this from the Middle Ages?

Sersi: It has your family crest.

Dane Whitman: It must have cost a fortune.

Sersi: I'm a good eBay bidder.

Dane Whitman: Thank you.

Sersi: Happy birthday.

Dane Whitman: So, have you given any more thought to us moving in together?

Sersi: Yeah, I... I thought about it. I can't move in with you.

Dane Whitman: Yeah. Mm-hmm. Thought you'd say that.

Sersi: I'm sorry.

Dane Whitman: And I think I know why. Are you a wizard?

Sersi: What?

Dane Whitman: Yeah, like Doctor Strange.

Sersi: No. I'm...

Dane Whitman: I've noticed some unusual things happen when I'm around you. Like our water always turns to coffee whenever the waiter ignores us.

Sersi: That's your caffeine addiction talking.

Dane Whitman: And Sprite says things...

Sersi: Mm.

Dane Whitman: ...like you and your ex-boyfriend broke up a century ago.

Sersi: She said that?

Dane Whitman: And he can fly.

Sersi: He's a pilot.

Sprite: Get a room, you two. Can we go now? It's past my bedtime.

Sprite continued: Are you really in love?

Sersi: What if I am?

Sprite: You better tell him the truth, then.

Sersi: I'm working on it.

Dane Whitman: You guys wanna get pizza?

Sersi and Sprite: No, thank you!

Sprite: He won't live forever, you know. Move in with him.

Sersi: I live with you. Dane.

Sprite: Shit! Is that a Deviant?

Sersi: Dane, run!

Dane Whitman: Sersi?

Sersi: Let's go.

Dane Whitman: What is that thing?!

Sprite: A Deviant!

Dane Whitman: You said you killed them all!

Sersi: You told him that?!

Sprite: You believed me?

Dane Whitman: I do now!

Sprite: What are you doing?!

Sersi: Keep Dane safe!

Dane Whitman: Sersi, wait! What?

Sprite: You're fine, dude.

Dane Whitman: Sprite! No. Stairs.

Dane Whitman continued: Run! Go! Go!

Woman: Go!

Man: Come on!

Sprite: It knows where we are!

Sersi: How?

Sprite: I don't know!

Sersi: Sprite!

Dane Whitman: Sprite!

Sprite: Ikaris!

Ikaris: Evening, ladies.

Sersi: Watch out!

Dane Whitman: Wizard.

Sersi: Sorry.

Sprite: Did it just heal itself?

Sprite continued: Ikaris. It's good to see you.

Ikaris: It's good to see you, too, Sprite.

Dane Whitman: I'm Dane.

Ikaris: Hello, Dane.

Dane Whitman: Well, I guess you must be the pilot.

Sersi: We're Eternals, from a planet called Olympia. We came here 7,000 years ago on the Domo, our starship, to protect humans from the Deviants. We thought we killed them all five centuries ago, but now they're back.

Dane Whitman: Look, if you don't want to move in with me, you could just say.

Sersi: Dane, this is serious.

Dane Whitman: Oh, I know. I'm just still getting over the fact you're not a wizard. I was hoping you could change me into a giraffe. I always wanted to be a giraffe when I was a kid.

Sersi: It's too bad I can't change sentient beings. You would have made a very cute giraffe.

Dane Whitman: Why didn't you guys help fight Thanos? Or any war? Or all the other terrible things thoughout history?

Sersi: We were instructed not to interfere in any human conflicts unless Deviants were involved.

Dane Whitman: Why?

Sersi: If we'd protected humanity from everything for 7,000 years, you'd never have had the chance to develop in the way you were meant to.

Dane Whitman: But if the Deviants were eradicated a long time ago, why are you still here?

Sersi: We've been waiting... to be told we can go home.

Dane Whitman: So... Ikaris. The boy who flew too close to the sun.

Sersi: Sprite made that story up when we lived in Athens.

Dane Whitman: In the fifth century B.C.? How long were you two together?

Sersi: 5,000 years.

Dane Whitman: I guess you can call that long-term. What happened?

Sersi: He left. I always thought he'd come back, but... he never did. So, I moved on.

Dane Whitman: I'm glad you did.

Sersi: I'm sorry. I have to go.

Reporter: This morning, an unprecedented global earthquake swept nation-states across the world, causing damage and panic. Many have speculated its connection with the Blip. The UN has called for an emergency meeting...

Sersi: That Deviant healed itself. They could never do that before. And it was coming after us instead of humans. What's going on?

Ikaris: I came to check on you because of the earthquake. That Deviant is news to me.

Sersi: Something's happening to Earth. Can't be a coincidence.

Ikaris: We need to find the others.

Sersi: I haven't seen some of them for centuries.

Ikaris: I doubt much has changed.

Ikaris continued: I'm sorry I hurt you, Sersi. But we need to stick together. And once I know you're safe. I'll leave you alone.

Sersi: Let's go to Ajak first. She'll know what to do.

Ikaris: You hear that, Sprite? Family reunion.

Sprite: It's about time.

575 B.C.
Babylon
Kingo: Hey, that one was mine! Oh, never mind.

Ikaris: Do not fear. (In Babylonian)

Gilgamesh: Quickly, inside the gate! (In Babylonian)

Arishem the Judge: Ajak.

Ajak: Arishem. We continue to keep Babylon safe from the Deviants. More people have come to seek refuge. It is now the largest city on Earth.

Arishem the Judge: The Eternals serving their missions across the galaxies will learn from your success.

Ajak: Thank you. I respect your grand design, Arishem. But I have noticed something special about this planet. And I fear that maybe this time the cost may...

Arishem the Judge: Do not become attached to this planet. You must focus on the true purpose of your mission.

Ajak: I understand. I will not let you down.

Ajak continued: Phastos. Did you go to the party last night like I told you to?

Phastos: The party, yeah. Yeah, it was...

Druig: He worked all night.

Phastos: Who was talking to you?

Ajak: Get a life. And where is Sersi?

Sprite: Late as usual.

Phastos: I'm sorry, but I have something very exciting to show you, okay? Wait till you see this.

Ajak: What is it?

Phastos: It's an engine. It moves steam from high pressure to low pressure. Uh, uh, it'll help them till their fields at an incredibly fast rate.

Sprite: It's gonna freak them out.

Druig: I mean, they only have had the wheel 1,000 years, so...

Phastos: You know, we could do that thing, you know, where you use your mind to control them and then they could do it quicker.

Druig: Ajak, you listening to this?

Ajak: Phastos, this steam...

Phastos: Engine. It's a steam engine.

Ajak: It's too soon. And there she is.

Sersi: What did I miss?

Phastos: Nothing. Just the screams of my deep disappointment.

Ajak: I am sure you have something simpler.

Phastos: Simple. Okay, let's see. Uh... Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you, the plow. 'Cause that's what it does. Plows dirt.

Sersi: I met another group of settlers who are building their homes in the northern fields. They'll need to plant their own crops.

Phastos: Thanks, Sersi.

Ajak: Listen, humanity may be coming along slower than some of us want. But there is no telling what wonders they will discover as they advance.

Sprite: The wonders of the world await you. Follow Gilgamesh and Enkidu into battle. Be forever inspired by their bravery and strength. You and your fellow man...will go on great adventures. And become legends of your own! (In Babylonian)

Gilgamesh: I just saw that.

Kingo: There's so many other chairs, man. You know, I could use my powers...

Ikaris: Come and have a drink with me.

Thena: No.

Ikaris: I can't let you go and fight Deviants on your own. We need to guard the city.

Thena: Get out of my way. I didn't come to this planet to cower behind walls.

Ikaris: We need to trust Arishem's design for this planet.

Thena: Hmm.

Ikaris: Thena. It's an honor to fight alongside you.

Thena: And you.

Druig: My beautiful Makkari. You're late. (In English and sign language)

Makkari: I needed to get enough artifacts to make a good trade. (In sign language)

Babylonian Man: Just lie to her. (in Babylonian)

Makkari in sign language and Druig in Babylonian: I can sense vibrations. Even the tiniest movement. Including your voices when you speak. Did you two just waste my time?

Babylonian Man: The Emerald Tablet you're searching for... is a myth! (In Babylonian)

Makkari: When humans have conflict, Ajak tells us not to interfere. (In sign language)

Druig: Well, she also says that stealing is very, very bad.

Makkari: If you don't tell, I won't tell. (In sign language)

Druig: Deal.

Ikaris: I promise I won't let my feelings for Sersi distract me from my mission. Humans are far from being able to protect themselves from the Deviants. We still have much to do.

Ajak: Your faith in Arishem is strong. I can feel it. But you are allowed to live a life, you know? Go tell Sersi how you feel.

Sersi: Try.

Ikaris: Sorry. I'm making a mess.

Sersi: Well, not bad.

Sersi continued: See you. Let me help you. (In Babylonian)

Sersi continued: It matched your eyes.

Ikaris: You are very kind. (In Babylonian)

Sersi: You're learning their language now?

Ikaris: If I want to spend more time with you, I need to get to know them.

Ikaris continued: I am very beautiful. (In Babylonian)

Ikaris continued: Wait, what did I say?

Sersi: You said, "I am very beautiful."

Ikaris: You... You are very beautiful, Sersi. I'm your, Sersi, if you'll have me.

Sersi: I love you, Ikaris.

Ikaris: I love you, Sersi.

4th century - 6th century
Gupta Empire, Pataliputra, Marriage of Sersi and Ikaris
Gupta Hindu Priest: May the gods hearby bond you in matrimony. Congratulations. (In Sanskrit)

Present Day - 2023
South Dakota, Ajak's Homestead
Sersi: Hello? Ajak?

Sersi continued: Ajak!

Ikaris: It was a Deviant.

Ajak Illusion: Our love. And our devotion. Were as deep as any ocean. (Singing)

Sprite: It was the last time I saw her. Ajak asked me to check on Sersi, so I went to London. Turned out, both of us were lonely and we needed each other. I guess, in her way, Ajak never stopped trying to take care of us.

Sersi: Bye, Ajak.

Sprite: It's the first time in 7,000 years one of us has died. I think the Deviant that attacked us in London killed Ajak and absorbed her power.

Ikaris: Deviants have never done that in the past.

Sprite: It healed itself just like Ajak. I swear, I almost heard it speak.

Arishem the Judge
Sersi: Arishem.

Arishem the Judge: Sersi. It is almost time.

South Dakota, Ajak's Homestead
Sprite: Sersi! Sersi! Are you okay?

Ikaris: What happened, Sersi?

Sersi: The sphere that Ajak used to talk with Arishem, it came out of her body and went inside me.

Ikaris: Did you talk with Arishem?

Sersi: Yes. He said, "It's almost time."

Sprite: Can you try talking to him again?

Sersi: I don't know how.

Sprite: But she chose you to replace her. And she gave you the sphere.

Ikaris: Hold on, Sprite. Are you sure you talked with Arishem?

Sprite: What else would it be?

Ikaris: Mahd Wy'ry.

1521
Aztec Empire, Tenochtitlan, Fall of Tenochtitlan
Ajak: Where are the others?

Makkari: We had to split up. (In sign language)

Thena: There were more Deviants than you said.

Phastos: Well, I'm sure that was a lot of fun for you.

Thena: It was.

Phastos: Once the others kill these last Deviants, we will have eliminated them all from the planet.

Ajak: Don't. We don't interfere in their wars.

Druig: This isn't war. It's genocide. Their weapons have become to deadly. Maybe it wasn't such a good idea helping them advance, Phastos.

Phastos: Technology is a part of their evolutionary process, Druig. It's not exactly something that I can stop.

Druig: No, you can't. But I can.

Makkari: Stay strong. (In sign language)

Thena: It's too late.

Sersi: Thena?

Thena: Everyone is going to die.

Sersi: Are you okay? Thena?

Ajak: Thena!

Phastos: Thena? Thena, no!

Ajak: Don't listen to your head, Thena. Listen to my voice. You are safe. You are loved. You're our Thena.

Gilgamesh: Hey, Thena! Hey! Stop, stop, stop!

Kingo: Is she okay?

Ajak: Yeah. (Mouths)

Ikaris: Sersi.

Gilgamesh: Thena, please. Come back to us. Okay.

Sersi: I thought Mahd Wy'ry was a myth.

Phastos: There is no cure... so no one really talks about it.

Thena: What happened?

Ajak: Thena. You attacked everyone. Wounded Sersi, Phastos, you nearly killed Makkari.

Thena: I don't remember.

Ajak: You have Mahd Wy'ry. Your mind is fracturing under the weight of your memories. And all I can do is erase them so you can start over. I will have to inform Arishem and take you back to the ship where we have the technology to help you.

Makkari: But she won't be Thena anymore. (In sign language)

Kingo: What if it happens again? She could've killed you. She could have killed all of us.

Thena: Please. Please, I... I want to remember. I want to remember my life.

Ajak: Thena, I love you. But listen to me. It's not important if you remember or not. Your spirit will remain. You will always be Thena deep inside. Trust me.

Druig: Why should she trust you? You're asking her to let you erase who she is.

Ajak: Druig, I know you're upset, but...

Druig: Upset?! We've trusted you for 7,000 years, and look where you've gotten us. I've watched humans destory each other when I could stop it all in a heartbeat. Do you know what that does to someone after centuries? Could our mission have been a mistake? Are we really helping these people build a better world, huh? We're just like the soldiers down there. Pawns to their leaders. Blinded by loyalty. It ends now.

Ikaris: Let them go.

Druig: You're gonna have to make me.

Ajak: Stop.

Druig: If you wanna stop me, you're gonna have to kill me.

Gilgamesh: I'll watch over Thena. Let her keep her memories.

Ajak: One day, when she attacks you, you might have to kill her.

Gilgamesh: We'll take that chance.

Ajak: You may all go. The Deviants are gone. There is no reason for you to stay with me.

Ikaris: Shouldn't you ask Arishem first? We're a team, we should stay together.

Ajak: I didn't ask you for your advice, Ikaris. Do not forget your place. This is where we say goodbye. You are free to go. I want you to go out there. And live a life for yourselves. Not as soldiers. Not with the purpose you were given. Find your own purpose. And one day, when we see each other again, I want you to tell me what you found.

Present Day - 2023
Mumbai, India, Meeting Kingo
Karun Patel: Welcome. (In Hindi) I am Karun Patel. Kingo's valet. It's truly an honor to be in the presence of the great Eternals.

Bollywood Dancer: Like the fire, like the sun. You have risen, Mighty one. (Singing)

Kingo: Cut! Okay, everyone, that was good. But we could do 10% better. That was beautiful. Very, very good.

Man: Really, so good.

Kingo: My friends from college are here. Hello, boss! Perfect timing! Welcome to the set of...

Kingo continued in Hindi: Legend of Icarus

Kingo continued: I'm playing you! You like the costume?

Ikaris: We need to talk.

Kingo: Tell the director I have some notes for him...

Sprite: We need to talk to you in private.

Kingo: Oh, Karun, he's worked with me for 50 years. I trust him completely. Actually, when we first met, he thought I was a vampire, and he tried to stake me through the heart.

Karun Patel: I have apologized so many times.

Kingo: Not quite enough times. Very close, though. I'll let you know. Oh, I have to get ready for the next scene. Come to my tent, we'll talk there. You guys are gonna love the next scene. I come in on a wire 'cause, you know, I can't fly. Wait, are we gettng back together?

Sersi: We need to talk.

Kingo: I've been waiting for the day the world learns the true identity of the Shadow Warrior.

Sprite: Ajak's dead.

Ikaris: She was killed. It was a Deviant. The Deviants are back. We don't know how many there are. You need to come with us.

Kingo: I can't just go. I mean, all of these people depend on me. We just started shooting this movie. It's the first of a trilogy. We just got BTS to do a cameo...

Karun Patel: Sir, may I say something?

Kingo: Please don't say anything.

Karun Patel: I think you should go.

Kingo: I just said don't say anything.

Karun Patel: "Life affords no greated duty than to protect one's family!" Remember? It's your favorite line from The Shadow Warrior 2: Voyage of Time. Your family needs you.

Kingo's Jet
Kingo: Seven thousand years. That's how long the battle between Eternals and Deviants has raged for. You think I'm a movie star. Well, I am. But I am also... an Eternal.

Sprite: Kingo, what are you doing?

Kingo: I think we should be remembered, so... I am making a documentary about us. You are about to meet my fellow Eternal, Sprite. Sprite, tell them about yourself.

Sprite: Oh, wait.

Kingo: Okay, well, we'll circle back to her. This is Sersi. Sersi, tell them about yourself.

Sersi: Uh...

Kingo: We're rolling.

Sersi: Well, uh... I can change a rock into water. Uh, I could turn a rock into wood. Or a rock into metal. Actually, one time, I turned a rock into air.

Kingo: Cut. Um, you know what? Why don't you think about it, and we'll get back to you, okay? Let's go.

Ikaris: Sprite says you're addicted to this thing.

Sersi: Oh, this? Look at this.

Ikaris: Whoa.

Sersi: You know, seeing as we don't age. I think you look quite good. Don't you?

Sprite: Nobody ever wonders how you managed to be the leading man for over 100 years?

Kingo: Oh, I don't know what you're talking about. That is my great-great-grandfather, that is my great-grandfather, grandfather, father, and me. I'm part of the greatest dynasty in the history of Bollywood. Pretty impressive, right?

Sprite: You abandoned me in Macedonia.

Kingo: Okay, I got sick of moving every five years. People freak out when they notice that you don't... age.

Sprite: I thought we were friends.

Kingo: Do you know why I love movies? Because of you. I missed sitting in the audience, listening to your stories, watching your illusions. We should've all stayed together. Ajak would still be alive. She should have never let us go.

Australia, Meeting Thena and Gilgamesh
Kingo continued: This is the Deviant you fought in London?

Ikaris: It's different. There must be more out there than we thought.

Karun Patel: Oh. Is... Is this a Deviant, sir.

Kingo: Yep.

Karun Patel: It's a beautiful creature.

Kingo: What? This? This? No. It's hideous. You've never had one try to bite your head off. Roll

Karun Patel: Oh.

Kingo: You're about to meet two of the greatest warriors the world has ever known. Thena, legendary, deadly, fashionable. And her trusty friend... Door... a mighty powerhouse of strength, the fearsome Gilgamesh! Gilgamesh!

Gilgamesh: What took you so long? You look younger today, Sprite.

Karun Patel: I have the same apron.

Gilgamesh: Who the hell are you?

Karun Patel: I'm Karun. Kingo's valet.

Gilgamesh: Oh, valet. Like Alfred in Batman.

Ikaris: Gilgamesh. The Deviants are back.

Gilgamesh: No shit. I could have used some help.

Sprite: We were attacked by a Deviant in London, too.

Sersi: Even Ikaris couldn't kill it.

Gilgamesh: You couldn't?

Ikaris: I was distracted.

Gilgamesh: Sure, man. Hey, you guys wanna try my pie?

Ikaris: I'm sorry, Gil. Ajak's dead.

Sprite: It's true, buddy. We lost her.

Gilgamesh: Sersi. The attack triggered her. She's no fun to be around right now. Hey, Thena. Look who's here. Give me your hand. Thena.

Thena: Everyone in Centuri-Six is going to die.

Gilgamesh: Give me your hand.

Thena: It's too late. We can't save them.

Gilgamesh: Thena.

Sprite: Thena. We came to Earth together on our ship. You're an Eternal. The greatest warrior of Olympia. The legendary protector of Athens. The goddess of war. Remember who you are.

Gilgamesh: Remember. Thena.

Kingo: Hi.

Thena: Hello.

Kingo: Hey, who's your gardener?

Kingo continued: This is just what you guys eat every day? Yeah, this is amazing.

Gilgamesh: Every day.

Ikaris: Thank you for this.

Gilgamesh: Oh, you're welcome. Help yourself. This one is a trio of wine, beer, and mead. Made for all the soldiers in the battle of Troy.

Karun Patel: That's so thoughtful.

Kingo: Should she be drinking?

Gilgamesh: No, hers is non-alcoholic. For kids. I gave you the same thing, Sprite.

Kingo: For kids.

Gilgamesh: I was just kidding. Your is a secret brew Odin taught me as a thank-you after we helped defeat Laufey's army in Tønsberg. What? Oh. I'm a big baby. Very mature. Can you stop? Stop.

Kingo: Speaking of Odin... Thor used to follow me around when he was a little kid. Now he's a famous Avenger and won't return my calls.

Sprite: So, now that Captain Rogers and Iron Man are both gone, who do you think is gonna lead the Avengers?

Ikaris: I could lead them. I figure I'd be could at that.

Kingo: Yeah, you would.

Gilgamesh: Ajak didn't even choose you to lead us.

Kingo: Whoa.

Ikaris: Ouch, Gil. Ouch.

Sprite: Harsh.

Ikaris: I'm gonna let that one slide because, you know, you've always been bitter that I can fly and you can't.

Gilgamesh: Oh, so what, you can fly. I'm better-looking, everybody knows that.

Ikaris: Where you going?

Sersi: I'm just gonna get some air.

Kingo: Mmm. This is really good, Gil. You know, I could sell this. Put my face on it, move some units.

Gilgamesh: I made it from corn. I chew each kernel myself and ferment it in my spit.

Sersi: Is this the Centuri-Six Thena was talking about?

Gilgamesh: Yeah, it's a planet. She thinks she used to live there until it was destroyed. Always talks about massive quakes ripping it apart. Everyone died, including herself.

Sersi: We had an unprecedented global earthquake three days ago.

Gilgamesh: Oh, that's what that was. I thought I was drunk.

Sersi: Ajak chose me to lead us, but... I can't even figure out how to speak to Arishem. I've tried so many times.

Gilgamesh: Maybe you're trying too hard. Sometimes, you just have to listen.

Arishem the Judge
Arishem the Judge: Sersi.

Sersi: Arishem. Ajak was killed by a Deviant. We think it absorbed her power. And something unusual is happening to Earth.

Arishem the Judge: It is a side effect of the Emergence.

Sersi: The Emergence?

Arishem the Judge: It is time for you to learn the true purpose of your mission. You were sent to Earth to bring forth the Celestial Tiamut. Every billion years, new Celestials must be born. I plant Celestial seeds into host planets across the universe. The planet Earth was chosen to host the Celestial Tiamut. In order to grow, Tiamut needs vast amounts of energy from intelligent life. The Deviants prevented this by consuming humans until the Eternals eliminated them. Now, the human population of the planet has reached the required amount. It is time for the Emergence to begin.

Sersi: But... everyone on Earth will die.

Arishem the Judge: The end of one life, Sersi, is the beginning of another. Our universe is a constant exchange of energy. An infinite cycle of creation and destruction. Celestials use energy gathered from host planets to create suns, generating gravity, heat, and light for new galaxies to form. Without us, our universe will fall into darkness. All life will die.

Sersi: Ajak knew the truth?

Arishem the Judge: She has helped many Celestials to emerge over millions of years. So have you.

Sersi: Earth was my first mission. I was home, on Olympia.

Arishem the Judge: There is no Olympia. This is your true home, Sersi. The World Forge. It is here that I built and programmed the Eternals.

Sersi: Everything dies except us because we were never alive. Why don't I remember any of this?

Arishem the Judge: Because your memories are erased and reset after each Emergence. They are stored here.

Sersi: Why do you keep them?

Arishem the Judge: I keep them in order to study the Deviants. I created the Deviants, Sersi, for the same purpose I created you. Every Celestial host planet has its own predators. I first sent the Deviants to exterminate them so intelligent life could grow. But there was a flaw in their design. They evolved. Became predators themselves. And I lost control of them. I built and progammed you, Eternals, to be synthetic beings and incapable of evolution, to correct my mistake. Sersi, Ajak has chosen you to take her place as the Prime Eternal. Do not fail me.

Australia
Kingo: So, you're saying we're basically fancy robots? And out past memories are stored somewhere in space?

Sersi: And Arishem made the Deviants.

Gilgamesh: I'm sorry, Thena. You tried to warn us.

Sprite: The last time Arishem reset your memories, something must have gone wrong.

Kingo: What do you mean?

Sprite: Well, that's what Mahd Wy'ry is, isn't it? All this time, Thena was remembering all the other planets we were sent to and everyone dying during the Emergence.

Gilgamesh: I thought we were heroes. Turns out we're the bad guys.

Kingo: We're not the bad guys, okay? We've helped the Celestials expand life across the universe. That's not what bad guys do. That's what good guys do.

Sersi: Every time innocent lives have been sacrificed for the greater good, it turns out to be a mistake. We have to stop the Emergence.

Kingo: Sersi, we have no right to stop the birth of a Celestial.

Sersi: There has to be a way Tiamut can emerge without destroying the Earth. We just have to delay it until we figure out how.

Gilgamesh: Could Druig control its mind? Maybe put it to sleep?

Sprite: "Put it to sleep"? Are you serious?

Thena: Gilgamesh asked Druig to put me to sleep once.

Gilgamesh: So I could take a vacation to Fiji, you know?

Kingo: We're talking about a Celestial, okay?

Sersi: We have to try. Come on, we're- we're not gonna let everyone on Earth die, right?

Karun Patel: Right. I'm human. I'm a little biased.

Kingo: दुनिया खत्म हो रही है। आपको घर जाने की जरूरत है। (The world is ending. You need to go home.; In Hindi)

Karun Patel: And do what? Watch TV? When I could be with the world's original superheroes as they try to save the world?

Kingo: Fine. If you want to, stay.

Karun Patel: Thank you very much, sir.

Kingo: Gilgamesh, could you please get rid of the saliva beer?

Gilgamesh: I thought you like it, man.

Ikaris: We need to go. Now. Find the others. Once we're all together, we'll decide what to do about the Emergence.

Druig's Compound, Amazon Rainforest, Peru
Peruvian Kid: Hola. (Hello.; In Spanish)

Peruvian Woman: Buenas tardes. (Good afternoon.; In Spanish

Karun Patel: It's very nice here, sir.

Kingo: Don't be fooled. Ignorance is bliss.

Sprite: Hey. Estamos buscando a Druig. ¿Dónde está? (Hey. We're looking for Druig. Is he here?; In Spanish)

Diego: ...Si. ¿Cómo conoces a Druig? (...Yes. How do you know Druig?; In Spanish)

Sprite: Somos amigos... de la universidad. (We're friends... from college.; In Spanish)

Druig: Hello, Sprite. I missed all of you. Please, make yourselves at home.

Druig continued: You've given me a lot of bad news in one go, m'lady.

Sersi: Will you help us?

Druig: I am glad that...

Kingo: Hey, what's your service? I'm not getting any bars.

Druig: Do you all remember this forest? Beautiful. It was the last place we all lived together. I've protected these people for 20 generations now, from the outside world and from themselves. Your kind, my friend, you will be responsible for your own extinction one day. Don't you think?

Karun Patel: I think we must learn from our mistakes and do better, sir. You must not give up hope.

Kingo: Oh, no, you didn't. Okay, new rule, no more possessing people's valets.

Druig: Oh, where is your sense of humor Kingo?

Karun Patel: I'm very sorry, sir.

Kingo: Don't apologize, it's not you fault. You are not a god. You know that, right?

Druig: How ironic. Kingo, the movie star.

Kingo: I've directed some things, too.

Druig: Oh, yeah? Like what?

Kingo: Some Internet content.

Druig: How many views?

Kingo: I don't do it for the views.

Ikaris: Let's go. He's wasting our time.

Sersi: We need him.

Druig: Ikaris. I missed you. Are you gonna charm me or threaten me?

Ikaris: I mean, there's a third option, if you prefer that.

Druig: It must be heartbreaking to find out that you're not Mother's favorite.

Ikaris: And I'm sure she's very proud of what you've been up to.

Sersi: Druig, this is serious.

Druig: I'll tell you what's serious. I've just been told I've been sent on a suicide mission for the past 7,000 years, and that my entire existence is a lie. So, excuse me for not giving a shit about your plan right now.

Kingo: Druig sucks.

Karun Patel: He does, sir.

Thena: I don't like this place.

Gilgamesh: Druig needs to think and Sersi wants us to wait, so... we wait.

Thena: Mm. I couldn't recognize myself in Sprite's illusions.

Gilgamesh: Those are the good old days.

Thena: What if I can't fight anymore?